Still
Fantasy Records, Proper Records 2015

Still is the sixteenth solo studio album by British singer/songwriter Richard Thompson. It was released by Fantasy Records on 23 June 2015 in the US and by Proper Records on 29 June 2015 in the UK.

1. She Never Could Resist a Winding Road
2. Beatnik Walking
3. Patty Don’t You Put Me Down
4. Broken Doll
5. All Buttoned Up
6. Josephine
7. Long John Silver
8. Pony in the Stable
9. Where’s Your Heart
10. No Peace No End
11. Dungeons for Eyes
12. Guitar Heroes

Variations EP (included with the deluxe edition CD)

1. Fork in the Road
2. Wounding Myself
3. The May Queen
4. Don't Take it Laying Down
5. Fergus Laing

Produced by Jeff Tweedy                                                  
Recorded by Jeff Tweedy at The Loft
Engineered and Mixed by Tom Schick and Jeff Tweedy (The Loft)                                                              
Assistant Engineer: Mark Greenberg                                                                                      
Mastered by Bob Ludwig at Gateway Mastering                                                      

All tracks written by Richard Thompson, except "Guitar Heroes" by Thompson and containing interpolations of "Melodie au Crepuscule" by Django Reinhardt, "Caravan" by Juan Tizol and Duke Ellington, "Brenda Lee" by Chuck Berry, "Susie Q" by Stan Lewis, Dale Hawkins and Eleanor Broadwater and "F.B.I." by Hank Marvin, Bruce Welch and Jet Harris.

Personnel
Richard Thompson - vocals, guitar, accordion, ukulele, mandolin
Jim Elkington - guitar, piano
Taras Prodaniuk - bass
Michael Jerome - drums, percussion
Siobhan Kennedy – harmony vocal (Tracks 1, 8, 9, 10)
Sima Cunningham – harmony vocal (Tracks 2, 3, 5, 7, 12)
Liam Cunningham – harmony vocal (Tracks 3, 5, 7, 12)
Jeff Tweedy - guitar, Marxophone, mellotron, GuitarOrgan, OPI

The album Still was produced by Wilco's Jeff Tweedy and recorded at Wilco's The Loft Studio in Chicago.[1] Thompson approached Tweedy as he wished to shake up his approach to making records, stating that "Jeff is musically very sympathetic. Although some of his contributions are probably rather subtle to the listener’s ear, they were really interesting and his suggestions were always very pertinent.”
