Shoot Out The Lights (expanded and remastered)
Hannibal/Ryko/Rhino Handmade  2010

Disc 1: Shoot Out the Lights

1. Don't Renege On Our Love
2. Walking On A Wire
3. A Man In Need
4. Just The Motion
5. Shoot Out The Lights
6. Back Street Slide
7. Did She Jump Or Was She Pushed
8. Wall Of Death

Disc 2: Live June 4, 1982

9. Dargai (live)
10. Back Street Slide (live)
11. Pavanne (live)
12. I'll Keep It With Mine (live)
13. Did She Jump Or Was She Pushed (live)
14. I'm A Dreamer (live)
15. Honky Tonk Blues (live)
16. Shoot Out the Lights (live)
17. For Shame of Doing Wrong (live)
18. Dimming of the Day (live)

with Linda Thompson

Hannibal/Ryko/Rhino Handmade, RHM2-523875, 2-cd set, U.S.A., 2010

Did She Jump Or Was She Pushed? and Pavanne written by Richard and Linda Thompson and published by Beeswing Music (BMI) administered by Bug Music/Hatfish Music Ltd.
Dargai written by J.Scott Skinner, arranged by Richard Thompson and published by Beeswing Music (BMI) administered by Bug Music
I'll Keep It With Mine written by Bob Dylan
I'm A Dreamer written by Sandy Denny
Honky Tonk Blues written by Hank Williams
All other songs written by Richard Thompson and published by Beeswing Music (BMI) administered by Bug Music

CD 1 (tracks 1 - 8) comprise the original 1982 Shoot Out The Lights: Produced by Joe Boyd
Recorded and mixed in Olympic Studios, Chelsea, London (formerly Sound Techniques)
Engineered by Bill Gill
Cover photo by Gered Mankowitz
Original LP design by Bill Smith

Richard Thompson: vocals, lead guitar, accordeon, hammered dulcimer
Linda Thompson: vocals
Simon Nicol: rhythm guitar
Dave Pegg: bass on A Man In Need, Back Street Slide, Did She Jump Or Was She Pushed?, and Wall Of Death
Pete Zorn: backing vocals; bass on Don't Renege On Our Love, Walking On A Wire, Just The Motion, and Shoot Out The Lights
David Mattacks: drums
with:
The Watersons (Norma, Mike, Lal, and Martin Carthy): backing vocals
Clive Gregson: backing vocals
Stephen Corbett: cornet
Brian Jones: cornet
Phil Goodwin: tuba
Stephen Barnett: trombone
Mark Cutts: trombone

CD 2 (live--previously unissued):
Dargai, Borrowed Time, Did She Jump Or Was She Pushed?, Honky Tonk Blues, and Shoot Out The Lights recorded June 4, 1982 at The Catalyst, Santa Cruz, California
Back Street Slide, Pavanne, I'm A Dreamer, For Shame Of Doing Wrong, and Dimming of the Day recorded June 6, 1982 at The Great American Music Hall, San Francisco, California

The Santa Cruz and San Francisco shows were recorded by Phil Edwards Recording and mixed in 2009 at Betrayal Studios, N.Y.C. by Edward Haber

I'll Keep It With Mine is sourced from a cassette recorded from Simon Tassano's soundboard mix during the 1982 U.S. tour.

Live disc personnel:
Linda Thompson: vocals
Richard Thompson: electric and acoustic guitars, vocals
Simon Nicol: electric and acoustic guitars, backing vocals
Pete Zorn: bass and backing vocals
Dave Mattacks: drums

Reissue produced by Cheryl Pawelski and Edward Haber
Live disc compiled by Edward Haber and Frank Kornelussen
Mastered by Scott Hull at Masterdisk, NY (cd one remastered from the original analog reel-to-reel tapes)
